And the answer is all of these qualities should be checked.
Clearly, a car can only go so fast and speeds above the vehicle maximum are not feasible.
But remember that minimum velocity corresponds to going backwards, and that matters, too.
On a lot of roads, it's illegal to go backwards.
For maximum acceleration, we need to consider both lateral and longitudinal acceleration.
Maximum lateral accelerations need to be checked to avoid rollover or skidding.
And maximum longitudinal acceleration depends on your vehicle's powertrain.
Minimum accelerations would be negative
and correspond to the vehicle maximum braking force.
Also, your car can only turn so much,
and steering angle should be checked as